Get out! No one wants to see you
Me.
I said I didn't want to see anyone
Xu Nan, I know you are uncomfortable
Are you brokenhearted?
It's always uncomfortable
I brought wine
I'll give you a drink tonight
Xue Nan, I will accompany you to drink tonight
It's hard to accompany you
Don't get drunk, I'll find someone to send it back
Well, no, I'm going to be with you tonight
Sister, you are back after reading it, brother.
It's not my sister, what's wrong with you?
Don't scare brother
Did Chen Xunan bully you again?
I feel uncomfortable in my heart. Brother will go to him to settle accounts later.
Brother, don't go
I have nothing to do with him anymore
Don't be afraid if your brother is here.
So what's going on?
I'm fine, I always hated Chen Xun
It's all right now.
You will never bother me again
Stop crying.
But why is it so uncomfortable?